New Day 2 Managed Identity lab for Ubuntu (#817)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/day2/arc_managed_identity/linux/_index.md

    ```shell
    challengeTokenPath=$(curl -s -D - -H Metadata:true "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.azure.com" | grep Www-Authenticate | cut -d "=" -f 2 | tr -d "[:cntrl:]")
    challengeToken=$(sudo cat $challengeTokenPath)
    storageToken=$(curl -s -H Metadata:true -H "Authorization: Basic $challengeToken" "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.azure.com" | jq -r .access_token)
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./20.png)

- Create a container named `uploads`

    ```shell
    curl -X PUT -d "" -H "Authorization: Bearer $storageToken" -H "x-ms-version: 2020-10-02" https://$name.blob.core.windows.net/uploads?restype=container
    ```

- Upload a file

    ```shell
    curl -i -X PUT -H "Authorization: Bearer $storageToken" -H "x-ms-blob-type: BlockBlob" -H "x-ms-version: 2020-10-02" --data-binary @/etc/hosts https://$name.blob.core.windows.net/uploads/hosts.txt
    ```

    The `-i` (or `--include`) displays the headers in the response including the md5sum.

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./21.png)

> - Check the blob in the Azure portal
> 
>   ![Successful upload](./22.png)
> 
>   The managed identity on the Azure Arc-enabled server has successfully uploaded a file to an Azure Storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the blob in the Azure portal. Notice how the managed identity on the Azure Arc-enabled server has successfully uploaded a file to an Azure Storage account.

  ![Successful upload](./22.png)

```

---
type: docs

> title: "Ubuntu"
> linkTitle: "Ubuntu"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Managed Identity with Ubuntu server"
linkTitle: "Managed Identity with Ubuntu server"
```

weight: 1
description: >
---

> ## Use Managed Identity on an Azure Arc-enabled server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Managed Identity on an Azure Arc-enabled servers
```

Author: Does this work?

Author: Perhaps the following? I can't see a way to suggest changes to a change, so I'll commit yours and then do a follow on commit on line 9?

```suggestion
## Using Managed Identity on Azure Arc-enabled servers
```

The following README will guide you on how to work with the Hybrid Instance Metadata Service on an Azure Arc-enabled server, and authenticate the system assigned Managed Identity against Azure APIs.

In this guide you will use Bash commands and REST API calls to:

- Query the Hybrid Instance Metadata Service (HIMDS)
- Get challenge tokens and resource tokens
- Use the main Azure Resource Manager REST API
- Read a secret from an Azure Key Vault
- Upload a blob to an Azure Storage Account

## Prerequisites

> * An onboarded Ubuntu VM or server running on-premises or other clouds connected to Azure Arc
> 
>     If you haven't, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion:
> 
>     * **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
>     * **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**
> 
> * Tagging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An onboarded Ubuntu VM or server running on-premises or other clouds connected to Azure Arc

    If you haven't, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion:

    - **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
    - **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**

- Tagging
```

    Add a tag to your Azure Arc-enabled server.

    | Tag | Value |
    |---|---|
    | scenario | Managed Identity |

    The tag will be seen later in the guide when accessing the Hybrid Instance Metadata Service.

    ![Screenshot showing the tagged Azure Arc-enabled server](./01.png)

> * jq and curl
> 
>     SSH on to the Ubuntu server and install the jq and curl packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *jq* and *curl*

    SSH on to the Ubuntu server and install the *jq* and *curl* packages.
```

    ```shell
    sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y jq curl
    ```

## Azure Key Vault and Azure Storage account

> The scenario will demonstrate how to integrate with Azure services by accessing a secret in an Azure Key Vault and uploading a blob to an Azure Storage account.
> 
> Login to your Azure account to run the commands. (This can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario will demonstrate how to integrate with Azure services by accessing a secret in an Azure Key Vault and uploading a blob to an Azure Storage account.

Login to your Azure account to run the commands. (This can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash).)
```

> * Set variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set variables
```

  ```shell
  rg=arc_managed_identity_scenario
  loc=westeurope
  ```

> * Create the resource group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the resource group
```

> * Set variables
> 
>   ```shell
>   rg=arc_managed_identity_scenario
>   loc=westeurope
>   ```
> 
> * Create the resource group
> 
>   ```shell
>   az group create --name $rg --location $loc
>   rgid=$(az group show --name $rg --query id --output tsv)
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set variables

  ```shell
  rg=arc_managed_identity_scenario
  loc=westeurope
  ```

- Create the resource group

  ```shell
  az group create --name $rg --location $loc
  rgid=$(az group show --name $rg --query id --output tsv)
  ```
```

  ![Screenshot showing resource group being created](./02.png)

> * Create a unique name for the FQDNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a unique name for the FQDNs
```

  The fully qualified domain names must be globally unique.

  ```shell
  name=arcmi$(az account show --query id --output tsv | cut -f1 -d-)
  echo "Name: $name"
  ```

  The command uses the first eight characters from your subscription ID and suffixes to the string `arcmi` to create a name for the FQDNs.

>   ![Screenshot showing an example unique name for the FQDNs](./03.png)

Reviewer: Mask subscription id

Author: I pixellated the subscription GUID after the first hyphen, as the first eight characters are used in the command to create the unique name for the FQDNs.

  > **Note that your value for `$name` will be different to the one in the screenshot above.**

> * Create an Azure Storage account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an Azure Storage account
```

  ```shell
  az storage account create --name $name --sku Standard_LRS --resource-group $rg --location $loc
  ```

>   ![Screenshot showing the storage account creation](./04.png)

Reviewer: Mask subscription id

> * Create an Azure Key Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an Azure Key Vault
```

> * Create an Azure Key Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an Azure Key Vault
```

  ```shell
  az keyvault create --name $name --retention-days 7 --resource-group $rg --location $loc
  ```

  ![Screenshot showing the Azure Key Vault creation](./05.png)

> * Create a secret
> 
>   Create an example secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an example secret.
```

> * Create a secret
> 
>   Create an example secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create an example secret.
```

  ```shell
  az keyvault secret set --vault-name $name --name scenario --value "Managed Identity"
  ```

>   ![Screenshot showing the created secret](./06.png)
> 
>   This is just an example. Your secrets are more likely to be passwords, database connection strings etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The below image represents a secret example. In your environment, secrets are more likely to be passwords, database connection strings, etc.
  
      ![Screenshot showing the created secret](./06.png)
```

## Add RBAC role assignments for the managed identity

> By default, the managed identity on an Azure Arc-enabled server will have no access to Azure resources.
> 
> Use standard RBAC assignments to give the required access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the managed identity on an Azure Arc-enabled server will have no access to Azure resources. The steps below will show how to use standard RBAC assignments to give the required access.
```

> * Get the Managed Identity's object ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the Managed Identity's object ID
```

> * Get the Managed Identity's object ID
> 
>     Change the `--name` and `--resource-group` values to the correct values for your onboarded Ubuntu VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the Managed Identity's object ID. Use the below command to output the object ID to a parameter by changing the `--name` and `--resource-group` values to the correct values for your onboarded Ubuntu Azure Arc-enabled server.
```

    ```shell
    objectId=$(az connectedmachine show --name my_ubuntu_vm --resource-group my_resource_group --query identity.principalId --output tsv)
    ```

> * Add the Reader role to the subscription scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the Reader role to the subscription scope
```

    ```shell
    subscriptionScope=/subscriptions/$(az account show --query id --output tsv)
    az role assignment create --assignee $objectId --role Reader --scope $subscriptionScope
    ```

  ![Screenshot showing the assigned Reader role](./07.png)

> * Add an access policy to the key vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an access policy to the Azure Key Vault
```

    ```shell
    az keyvault set-policy --name $name --object-id $objectId --secret-permissions get list
    ```

  ![Screenshot showing the access policy](./08.png)

> * Get the storage account's resource ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the storage account's resource ID
```

    ```shell
    saId=$(az storage account show --name $name --resource-group $rg --query id --output tsv)
    ```

> * Add the Storage Blob Data Contributor role to the storage account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the Storage Blob Data Contributor role to the storage account
```

    ```shell
    az role assignment create --assignee $objectId --role "Storage Blob Data Contributor" --scope $saId
    ```
  ![Screenshot showing the Azure Storage account role assignments](./09.png)

> The onboarded Ubuntu VM's managed identity now has sufficient access to complete the lab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The onboarded Ubuntu Azure Arc-enabled server managed identity now has sufficient access to complete the lab.
```

## Hybrid Instance Metadata Service

The Hybrid Instance Metedata Service (HIMDS) is the hybrid counterpart to the [IMDS](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/instance-metadata-service?tabs=linux) endpoint.

> Here are the endpoints for comparison:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the endpoints for comparison:
```

| Service | IMDS_ENDPOINT | IDENTITY_ENDPOINT |
|---|---|---|
| IMDS | `http://169.254.169.254` | `http://169.254.169.254/metadata/identity/oauth2/token`
| HIMDS | `http://localhost:40342` | `http://localhost:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token`

> The HIMDS endpoint provides information about the onboarded server (e.g. subscription, resource group, tags etc.) as well as an endpoint to acquire the Managed Identity's authentication tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HIMDS endpoint provides information about the onboarded server (e.g. subscription, resource group, tags, etc.) as well as an endpoint to acquire the Managed Identity's authentication tokens.
```

> * SSH on to your Ubuntu server
> 
>    From this point onwards the scenario will be working purely on the Ubuntu server that you have onboarded.
> 
> * Access the HIMDS endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SSH on to your Ubuntu server

   From this point onwards the scenario will be working purely on the Ubuntu server that you have onboarded.

- Access the HIMDS endpoint
```

        "location": "westeurope",
        "name": "<name>",
        "offer": "",
        "osType": "linux",
        "placementGroupId": "",
        "plan": {
          "name": "",
          "product": "",
          "publisher": ""
        },
        "platformFaultDomain": "",
        "platformUpdateDomain": "",
        "provider": "",
        "publicKeys": null,
        "publisher": "",
        "resourceGroupName": "<resource_group_name>",
        "customData": "",
        "resourceId": "/subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourceGroups/<resource_group_name>/providers/Microsoft.HybridCompute/machines/<name>",
        "securityProfile": {
          "secureBootEnabled": "",
          "virtualTpmEnabled": ""
        },
        "sku": "Ubuntu 18.04.6 LTS",
        "storageProfile": {},
        "subscriptionId": "<subscription_id>",
        "tags": "scenario:Managed Identity",
        "tagsList": [
          {
            "name": "scenario",
            "value": "Managed Identity"
          }
        ],
        "version": "<version>",
        "vmId": "<vmId>",
        "vmScaleSetName": "",
        "vmSize": "",
        "zone": ""
      },
      "network": {}
    }
    ```

> * Use values from the HIMDS
> 
>     Example commands to set variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use values from the HIMDS. Below is an example commands to set variables:
```

    ```shell
    imds=$(curl -sSL -H Metadata:true http://localhost:40342/metadata/instance?api-version=2020-06-01)
    subscriptionId=$(jq -r .compute.subscriptionId <<< $imds)
    resourceGroupName=$(jq -r .compute.resourceGroupName <<< $imds)
    echo "Subscription ID: $subscriptionId; Resource Group name: $resourceGroupName"
    ```

>   ![Screenshot showing the command output](./10.png)

Reviewer: Mask subscription ID

> * Working with tags and jq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Working with tags and *jq*
```

>     The examples below show the tags and tags list and then pulls the value for a tag called platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The examples below show the tags and tags list and then pull the value for a tag called platform.
```

Author: ```suggestion
    The example commands below display the Azure tags and then set a variable using a tag's value.
```

    ```shell
    jq .compute.tags <<< $imds
    jq -r '.compute.tagsList[] | select(.name == "scenario")' <<< $imds
    scenario=$(jq -r '.compute.tagsList[] | select(.name == "scenario") | .value' <<< $imds)
    echo "Scenario: $scenario"
    ```

  ![Screenshot showing the command output](./11.png)

## Challenge token and resource token

The token process for an onboarded Azure Arc-enabled server is multi-step.

> 1. Access the identity endpoint to create a challenge token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access the identity endpoint to create a challenge token
```

    ```shell
    challengeTokenPath=$(curl -s -D - -H Metadata:true "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fmanagement.azure.com" | grep Www-Authenticate | cut -d "=" -f 2 | tr -d "[:cntrl:]")
    ```

> 
> 
>     The filepath is included in the headers returned by the REST API call.
> 
>     ![Screenshot showing the command output](./12.png)
> 
>     The file is created in a path that only the root and himds IDs can access.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    The file path is included in the headers returned by the REST API call.

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./12.png)

    The file is created in a path that only the root and HIMDS IDs can access.

```

> 1. Read the content of the file into a variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read the content of the file into a variable
```

> 1. Read the content of the file into a variable
> 
>     ```shell
>     challengeToken=$(sudo cat $challengeTokenPath)
>     ```
> 
>     The challenge token files may only be used once and are automatically removed.
> 
>     ![Screenshot showing the command output](./13.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read the content of the file into a variable. The challenge token files may only be used once and are automatically removed.

    ```shell
    challengeToken=$(sudo cat $challengeTokenPath)
    ```
    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./13.png)
```

> 1. Access the identity endpoint to acquire the resource token
> 
>     ```shell
>     token=$(curl -s -H Metadata:true -H "Authorization: Basic $challengeToken" "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fmanagement.azure.com" | jq -r .access_token)
>     ```
> 
>     Note the resource value in the query and the challenge token in the header.
> 
>     ![Screenshot showing the command output](./14.png)
> 
>     The resulting token is valid for 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access the identity endpoint to acquire the resource token

    ```shell
    token=$(curl -s -H Metadata:true -H "Authorization: Basic $challengeToken" "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fmanagement.azure.com" | jq -r .access_token)
    ```

    Note the resource value in the query and the challenge token in the header and that the resulting token is valid for 24 hours.

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./14.png)

```

## JWT Token

> * The resulting token may be pasted into <https://jwt.ms> to decode it and view the claims.
> 
>   ![https://jwt.ms](./15.png#bordered)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The resulting token may be pasted into <https://jwt.ms> to decode it and view the claims.

  ![https://jwt.ms](./15.png)
```

Avoid using links in an image markdown description

## Accessing the ARM REST API

> * List out the tags used in the subscription
> 
>     This command is purely to demonstrate that the Azure Resource Manager API can be accessed by the trusted compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List out the tags used in the subscription. The below command demonstrates that the Azure Resource Manager API can be accessed by a trusted computer.
```

    ```shell
    curl -sSL -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://management.azure.com/subscriptions/$subscriptionId/tagNames?api-version=2021-04-01 | jq .value[].tagName
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./16.png)

>     This REST API call will fail if you have not assigned the Reader role to the subscription scope for the managed identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The above REST API call will fail if you have not assigned the _Reader_ role to the subscription scope for the managed identity.
```

## Accessing Key Vault secrets

> You will access other endpoints when using PaaS services such as Azure Key Vault, Azure Storage Account, Azure PaaS databases etc.
> 
> The token acquisition process is the same except you have to change the resource (or audience) in the query of the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will access other endpoints when using PaaS services such as Azure Key Vault, Azure Storage Account, Azure PaaS databases, etc. The token acquisition process is the same except you have to change the resource (or audience) in the query of the call.
```

> * Acquire a token for the Key Vault service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Acquire a token for the Key Vault service
```

    ```shell
    challengeTokenPath=$(curl -s -D - -H Metadata:true "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fvault.azure.net" | grep Www-Authenticate | cut -d "=" -f 2 | tr -d "[:cntrl:]")
    challengeToken=$(sudo cat $challengeTokenPath)
    vaultToken=$(curl -s -H Metadata:true -H "Authorization: Basic $challengeToken" "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fvault.azure.net" | jq -r .access_token)
    ```

>     > Note that the resource is set to `https://vault.azure.net` in the query.

Reviewer: This note should be positioned before the code block. Below the code block, there should be a screenshot highlighting this.

> * Query the secret's value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query the secret's value
```

    ```shell
    curl -sSL -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $vaultToken" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://$name.vault.azure.net/secrets/scenario/?api-version=7.2 | jq .
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./17.png)

> * Read into a Bash variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read into a Bash variable
```

    ```shell
    secret=$(curl -sSL -X GET -H "Authorization: Bearer $vaultToken" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://$name.vault.azure.net/secrets/scenario/?api-version=7.2 | jq -r .value)
    echo "$secret"
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./18.png)

## Uploading a file to Azure Storage Account blob service

> * Acquire the token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Acquire the token
```

    ```shell
    challengeTokenPath=$(curl -s -D - -H Metadata:true "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.azure.com" | grep Www-Authenticate | cut -d "=" -f 2 | tr -d "[:cntrl:]")
    challengeToken=$(sudo cat $challengeTokenPath)
    storageToken=$(curl -s -H Metadata:true -H "Authorization: Basic $challengeToken" "http://127.0.0.1:40342/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2019-11-01&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.azure.com" | jq -r .access_token)
    ```

>     > Note that the resource is set to `https://storage.azure.com` in the query.

Reviewer: See comment below on positioning and screenshot

> * Create a container
> 
>     Create a container named `uploads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a container named `uploads`.
```

    ```shell
    curl -X PUT -d "" -H "Authorization: Bearer $storageToken" -H "x-ms-version: 2020-10-02" https://$name.blob.core.windows.net/uploads?restype=container
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Missing screenshot

> * Upload a file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload a file
```

    ```shell
    curl -i -X PUT -H "Authorization: Bearer $storageToken" -H "x-ms-blob-type: BlockBlob" -H "x-ms-version: 2020-10-02" --data-binary @/etc/hosts https://$name.blob.core.windows.net/uploads/hosts.txt
    ```

    The `-i` (or `--include`) displays the headers in the response including the md5sum.

    ![Screenshot showing the command output](./19.png)

> * Check the blob in the portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check the blob in the Azure portal
```

  ![Successful upload](./20.png)

  The managed identity on the Azure Arc-enabled server has successfully uploaded a file to an Azure Storage account.

## Clean up environment

> * If you created the resource group, key vault and storage account using the example pre-requisite commands then you can delete the whole resource group in the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you created the resource group, key vault, and storage account using the example pre-requisite commands then you can delete the whole resource group in the portal.
```

> * To remove the Ubuntu virtual machines from each environment by following the teardown instructions from each guide.
> 
>     * **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
>     * **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>     * **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To remove the Ubuntu virtual machines from each environment by following the teardown instructions from each guide.

    - **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
    - **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
    - **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**
```
